Update README.md for X (Twitter) new brand guidelines (#14665)
ethereum/solidity: README.md

[![Matrix Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matrix%20-chat-brightgreen?style=plastic&logo=matrix)](https://matrix.to/#/#ethereum_solidity:gitter.im)
[![Gitter Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitter%20-chat-brightgreen?style=plastic&logo=gitter)](https://gitter.im/ethereum/solidity)
[![Solidity Forum](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity_Forum%20-discuss-brightgreen?style=plastic&logo=discourse)](https://forum.soliditylang.org/)
[![X Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/solidity_lang?style=plastic&logo=x)](https://X.com/solidity_lang)
[![Mastodon Follow](https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/000335908?domain=https%3A%2F%2Ffosstodon.org%2F&logo=mastodon&style=plastic)](https://fosstodon.org/@solidity)

> You can talk to us on Gitter and Matrix, post on X or create a new topic in the Solidity forum. Questions, feedback, and suggestions are welcome!

Reviewer: With the Twitter -> X transition being a rather newer rebrand, people are still getting used to the new identity and some readers might not recognise Twitter as an important channel for staying updated with Solidity if we solely refer to it as "X" as in your commit. Here is my suggestion instead:

```suggestion
You can talk to us on Gitter and Matrix, tweet at us on X (previously Twitter) or create a new topic in the Solidity forum. Questions, feedback, and suggestions are welcome!
```

Author: Makes sense. Thanks
